feat!: init module (#1)
tx-pts-dai/terraform-aws-cloudflare-certificate-validation: README.md

# Terraform AWS DNS Validation Module

> This Terraform module automates the creation of DNS validation records for ACM certificates using AWS and Cloudflare.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This Terraform module manage AWS certificate and the creation of the DNS validation records in CloudFlare.
```

## Important

This module handles validation records creation idempotently, meaning certificates with potentially the same DNS specifications will force recreation of validation records if they don't exist yet. If they already exist, the certificate will be validated through those records.

It leverages the `null_resource` and `local-exec` provisioner to interact with the Cloudflare API for DNS record management. However, even after a `terraform destroy`, the null resource does not remove previously created validation records. To fully clean up the resources, you **must** manually delete the Cloudflare records.

## Limits

> AWS ACM certificates need to be renewed once a year. To automatically handle the renewal, the DNS validation records must still exist. If automatic certificate renewal fails and you receive an email from AWS (usually 30 to 60 days before expiration), first check whether these records have been manually removed. If they have, you will need to recreate them.

Reviewer: how can we recreate them. Is it possible to `terraform taint` the null-resource so they will be created automatically ?

Author: I will try this taint and tell you. At worse renaming the resource should do it.

## Usage

Below is an example of how to use this module:

```hcl
module "dns_validation" {

>   source = "github.com/your-repo/terraform-aws-dns-validation"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  source = "tx-pts-dai/cloudflare-dns-validation/aws"
```

>   cloudflare_secret_id = "your-cloudflare-secret-id"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  cloudflare_secret_name = "AWS secrets containing the cloudflare api token"
```

  records_map = {
    "foo.examples.domain.ch" = {
      subdomain = "foo.examples"
      zone      = "domain.ch"
    }
  }
}
```

## Features

> - Automatically creates AWS ACM certificate for DNS records

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Creates AWS ACM certificate
```

## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|------|---------|:--------:|
| <a name="input_cloudflare_secret_id"></a> [cloudflare\_secret\_id](#input\_cloudflare\_secret\_id) | The secret ID for the Cloudflare API token stored in AWS Secrets Manager | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_create_validation_records"></a> [create\_validation\_records](#input\_create\_validation\_records) | Whether to create validation records in Cloudflare | `bool` | `true` | no |
| <a name="input_records_map"></a> [records\_map](#input\_records\_map) | A map of records split with subdomain and zone information | <pre>map(object({<br/>    subdomain = string<br/>    zone      = string<br/>  }))</pre> | n/a | yes |

## Outputs

| Name | Description |
|------|-------------|
| <a name="output_acm_validation_options"></a> [acm\_validation\_options](#output\_acm\_validation\_options) | value of the validation record |
| <a name="output_data_validation_record"></a> [data\_validation\_record](#output\_data\_validation\_record) | value of the validation record |
<!-- END OF PRE-COMMIT-TERRAFORM DOCS HOOK -->

> ## Authors

Reviewer: remove demetrio and add Francisco in the authors
